Country note update (#266)
AY2021S1-CS2103T-F11-4/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* `country note add c/CN nt/building good relations (guanxi) is important when conducting business here t/intercultural`
* `country note add c/IN nt/is world's fastest growing economy`

### Editing notes for a country: `country note edit`

Edits a note that is associated with a specific country at the given index in the last viewed country note list panel.

Format: `country note edit INDEX (nt/NOTE_STRING) (t/TAG)...`

Example:

> * `country note edit 1 nt/new government policy to support local development in cloud security t/contract` Edits the country note at index 1 of the last-viewed country notes panel to have the content "new government policy to support local development in cloud security" and a new tag "contract" in addition to the previous tags.

Author: If I'm not wrong the behavior of `client note edit` is that doing t/ adds on the tag. I think if we want to change this behavior should change it for both `client note edit` and `country note edit` for consistency. @rtshkmr

> * `country note edit 1 nt/new government policy to support local development in cloud security t/contract` Edits the country note at index 1 of the last-viewed country notes panel to have the content "new government policy to support local development in cloud security" and a new tag "contract" in addition to the previous tags.

Reviewer: Agree to changing it, but think this should be slightly lower in the priority list for this release at least.

### Deleting notes for a country: `country note delete`

> Deletes a note that is associated with a specific country.

Author: Done

### Editing notes for a country: `country note edit`

Edits a note that is associated with a specific country at the given index in the last viewed country note list panel. 

The country note list panel can be viewed using the command `country note view`.

Format: `country note edit INDEX (nt/NOTE_STRING) (t/TAG)...`

Example:

> * `country note edit 1 nt/new government policy to support local development in cloud security t/contract` Edits the top-most country note in the last-viewed country notes panel to have the content "new government policy to support local development in cloud security" and a new tag "contract" in addition to the previous tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `country note edit 1 nt/new government policy to support local development in cloud security t/contract` Edits the first country note in the last-viewed country notes panel to have the content "new government policy to support local development in cloud security" and a new tag "contract" in addition to the previous tags.
```
